 Is cheese addictive?

 Article mentioning bacteria and effects of particular microbes found in cheese

 

 Heartbreaking: that friend who loves cheese isn’t a quirky food fanatic, they're a victim. Why? Because Big Cheese has been lying to us all for years. In a world full of hate, deception, and now cheese addiction, there is no one left to trust. Except for me, of course. I push forward to uncover the truth, no matter the cost. Let’s dive right in, shall we?

 

 Let’s look at the facts. Cheese is nothing without milk. And in my research I have found that milk contains a special protein called casein that digests slowly and may be at the root of cheese addiction. It’s within your body where the casein ends up forming into smaller proteins called casomorphins where the real trouble begins. Casomorphins are able to find their way into your brain through your blood and activate your dopamine receptors, releasing dopamine (which is a neurotransmitter that makes you feel very, very good).

 

 Another more obvious reason is the fat content that can cause people to fall prey to cheese. Incredibly enough, recent studies have shown that pizza (a food containing cheese as a primary ingredient) is one of the most addictive foods ever. It could have to do with some of the cultures found in mozzarella, such as thermophilus. 
 One cheese in particular that has caught my attention is the rare and dangerously delectable La Eterna. It is heavily sought after and I would love to get my hands on it simply to understand more about this global crisis that needs to be talked about
 . If anyone hears anything about more rare cheeses, please do let me know as it is critical research. I hesitate to tell more of the dangers of cheese addiction because who knows who might be out there reading and which side of history they are on. As a truth seeker and overall defender against this tyranny, I swear to uncover more about the dangers of cheese addiction and end the propaganda that has plagued our nation, nay, the world.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

