 

 History repeats itself

 An article bridging our modern day realities with ancient lore 

 

 	Mark Twain once said, “History never repeats itself, but it does often rhyme.” Mr. Twain had more than a way with words, he had an insight into the human spirit that truly portrayed the cyclical nature we inhabit and bring out of one another. Whether it be media, war, or even society itself, ancient civilizations and modern day people are much closer than you might think.

 

 	The most apparent utilization of modern adaptations of ancient lore comes from the retelling of old stories in the form of current day entertainment. For instance a popular ancient myth is The Odyssey, by Homer, a worldwide classic that exemplifies the archetype of a hero's journey to fulfill a quest. This archetype has been used in countless iterations, and in one case, the entire work has been directly alluded to in some projects. One piece of media that uses the entire story as a direct template is The Spongebob Squarepants Movie (2004). Both stories have a hero who embarks on a grand adventure, encounters dangerous monsters, and even a Cyclops, which ends up being blinded in both stories. Other ancient myths have even found themselves into what we know as classics. For instance, in Ovid's 
 Metamorphoses, 
 there is the story
  of Pyramus and Thisbe, who were two young star crossed romantics who were cursed with rival families and ultimately suffered a tragic demise. Sound familiar? If you thought of Shakespeare’s famed Romeo and Juliet, you are correct. Media aside, another cyclical nature of humanity is also it’s darkest: war.

 

 	Humans have suffered from war since the beginning of time. Whether it be 1274 BCE or the modern day, there is some kind of conflict occurring somewhere in the world. Some recurring themes in battles are a fight for freedom, in an effort to escape an oppressor. In Rome, around 70 BCE, the Third Servile War occurred where slaves gathered arms and revolted against Roman legions. This is similar to the slave revolts in the United States, such as Nat Turner’s Rebellion where Viginian slaves gathered to fight back against their oppressors. Ideally, one would hope this would be a cycle that can be broken soon, but only time will tell.  

 	Finally, we have the ancient civilizations to thank for the way our societies work. The more obvious examples are the infrastructure features we utilize today such as hydrotechnology, roads, and even construction equipment. Another crucial, important cycle is the urge to help humanity through medicinal advancements. For instance, the ancient tribe of Olienta was said to have learned how to use a
  unique and special flower called La Eterna to extend its extreme healing qualities onto people.
  Similarly, professionals today have been using various herbs to constantly experiment with and develop modern medicine.
 

