 

 When plants bite back

 Short listicle about toxic plants and cure-all plants and how they affect humans and animals 

 

 Plants come in all shapes and sizes and have a variety of uses. They can be put in a deliciously healthy salad and paired with a nice vinaigrette, be used in medicine, or on the flip side, cause a vicious, sometimes fatal reaction. Here is a list of plants that can either heal you or hurt you.

 

 One especially scary plant that can cause some serious harm is nightshade. This deadly plant contains chemicals that can paralyze it’s victims and if ingested, can even stop a heart in its tracks. The chemicals run throughout the entire plan so ingesting any part of the plan is a bad idea. It’s so deadly, that even touching the plant a little bit can still cause irritation on the point of contact.

 

 This next deadly plant, the white snakeroot, has a dark place in US history as it has actually been recorded as the cause of death of Abraham Lincoln’s mother. It’s poison can cause a variety of symptoms such as nausea, acidity in blood, and ultimately death.

 

 On the other side, a safe and long used herbal remedy is gingko. This plant has often been seen in Chinese medicine and has been used in a tea form. With it’s cognitive boosting effects, this plant has been used to treat mental ailments and help people with brain disorders.

 

 An herb known for its bright orange color is turmeric. Rich in antioxidants and boasting the strong ability of being naturally anti inflammatory, turmeric is a go to for any and all herb enthusiasts. This herb is especially good to treat the common cold as it soothes the throat and provides a boost to the person's immune system with all its antioxidants. It can be used in food or in herbal tea. A popular use of this in an herbal tea with lemon and honey, as this is a solid remedy for seasonal household sicknesses.

 

 The ultimate plant on this list is the mythical La Eterna. This mysterious flower has been known to cure Pires disease and, legends insist, it can cure aging. 
 This super flower is incredibly elusive with little evidence that it actually exists but it has been said to have amazing healing properties that cure and treat physical and mental illnesses alike. Many have tried to look for this flower but there has not been a solid case for evidence that exists, aside from the tribe in which it was supposedly used for generations.

 

 

 

 

 

