 Ancestral idolatry influences our modern world

 Short listicle of idols and how they show up in today’s world
  

 

 	In a monotheistic driven world, idol worship and religious artifacts have seen a vast decline in the past few millennia. However, the influences of these idols remain present in the current day and still have a place in everyday life, although it may not be in a direct idol worshipping form. In some cases, these artifacts have even been commodified. Here are some idols that have found a new way into our lives.

 

 	In Greece, an amulet was created that was meant to deflect damage off oneself. This idea found its way to the Middle East and combined with the idea of deflecting negative concepts and created the evil eye bracelet. What was once an idol used to ward off evil spirits is now sold at a local jewelry store, albeit it still holds the same purpose for many people. Another ancient Greek practice that went from spiritual backings to a commodified ending are healing crystals. Similarly, many other cultures also used healing crystals, including Ancient Egypt. However, there is another major ancient idol that has similarly been commodified and stems from Ancient Egypt: the ankh.

 

 	In Egypt, various protective amulets were used to create a personal sanctuary for those wearing it. The ankh is an artifact that symbolizes life and the pursuit of purity, even after death. It was also commonly associated with fortune and good luck and is now used as a good luck charm for those who wear it. The origin of this item stems from Africa and showcases a hoop which portrays the sun spreading across the horizon. 

 

 	Another famous idol influence comes from the practice of sage burning and ancient herbal remedies. A more elusive example comes from the mysterious ancient civilization of Olienta. It was said that back in the old times, they would have many people partake in a ritual where they would consume a
  unique flower called La Eterna that was said to have special healing properties to it
 . After consumption, many of these people were said to live much longer than their fellow tribe members. Although the flower has yet to be proven real, the legend has sparked many herb sellers to suddenly have ailment curing herbs at their disposal. Many mega-corporations also use this interest in herbal remedies to fashion people with herbal supplements. It’s interesting to see how the influences of idolatry still remain and although the acts now may not be direct worship, there still seems to be an overarching spiritual theme attached to the practice.

 

 	

 

 	

 

