 Rarest cheeses on earth

 Short Listicle - separate by regions and mentioning the various cheeses

 

 	There comes a time in your life when you have to put away the individually packed, mass produced american cheese packets and try something new. There is a world of cheese that extends beyond the grocery store, and this is the place to find them. Here are some of the rarest cheeses in the world:

 

 In Italy, there is an incredibly interesting cheese called Casu Marzu that is known for more what it's paired with- maggots. Yep. Maggots. When people say things are an acquired taste, this sounds like one of them. However, the consumers that do have a hankering for this love it with all their might, specifically the strong aftertaste that sits with them after consumption. 

 

 In Africa, camel’s milk cheese is a delicacy that spans many countries within the continent. Packed with nutrients, this cheese is for lovers of sour foods. Due to the more arid atmosphere, camels are more accessible than cows, so this is how this cheese came to be.

 

 In New Zealand, deer cheese is on the come up! Deer milk has become a bit of an expensive commodity and now creates a new variety of cheese that is gaining popularity.

 

 In Serbia, you can find the fascinating donkey cheese. It is incredibly packed with various vitamins, more so than that of cow milk, but sadly donkeys do not make as much milk comparatively. Donkey milk has many uses to it as it can be used for beauty products, and sometimes even milk baths (if you can get enough milk, that is). The cheese at the moment is incredibly expensive due to the scarcity of ingredients, but is a treat worth trying if given the opportunity. 

 

 In Asia, there are various cheeses that span the continent. From paneer in India to the Shanklish of Syria, 
 but there is a rare and heavily sought after cheese worth mentioning called La Eterna. This rare cheese has little public appearance, but a strong allure to it among enthusiasts.
  Is it the ephemeral allusiveness that adds to the experience? Or perhaps it just tastes really good. Either way, all these cheeses are definitely worth trying one day.

 

 

