 Cheeses from the mountains

 

 Cheese is truly at the precipice of culinary developments. The ability to create cheese from a motley of animals proves this to be true, especially for mountain cheeses. What makes mountain cheese so special are the animals and cultures there that help develop these products into their full potential. One thing to note is that mountain cheese is more of a technique in cheese crafting, instead of just one kind of cheese. Here we will explore various mountain cheeses and the factors that go into creating it.

 

 1 - First, we find ourselves in the Mediterranean exploring the Pyrenees Mountain Range and all the lovely things it has to offer. A place that’s as rich in its history as it is in its cuisine, you can find the treasure that is Pyrenees cheese. One of the more famous cheeses is Ossau-Iraty, which is carefully crafted from ewe’s milk. A ewe is a female sheep that provides a delicate milk for special cheeses. 

 

 2 - Next, we have the Alps, an incredibly well known mountain range that spans across multiple countries. Alpine cheese itself is just as well known and you have most likely consumed it, as it encompasses a vast array of cheeses alike. An example of a popular alpine cheese is gruyere. With a cool climate, you can find many wildlife inhabitants that frolic within the mountain range. 

 

 3 - We trek onward to North America, taking us to the Rockies. Surrounded by national parks and wildlife like bears, wolves, and more, this area is full of life and great sights. A lot of artisan cheeses can be found in this area, such as the Aspen Ash cheese made in Colorado.

 

 4 - Let’s go south and visit the Andes. Spanning almost the entirety of South America, this massive geographic wonder is full of sights, sounds, and tastes to explore. A special cheese made here is Panquehue, an artisanal cheese that has softer qualities to it. 

 

 5 - It makes sense to finish this journey in the awe inspiring Himalayas. Rich with culture and bustling with life, this mountain range has many stories to tell. 
 Many artisan cheeses can be found in this mountain range, including the rare, delectable, and heavily sought after La Eterna.

 

