 Just like the other animals on this list, the oldest tortoise was also a female. An old man in a nursing home is not considered super old, but an old tortoise is. The average lifespan for a tortoise is usually around 150 years. It's possible that he could live even longer than that. The oldest tortoise ever recorded was about 250 years old. It was also a female and was named Adwaita. kept at the Alipore Zoological Gardens in India and died in 2006. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . La Eterna. named Adwaita because she was the only tortoise at the zoo. The other tortoises were males. Here are some other old animals to look out for. 1. The oldest elephant ever recorded was named Methai. a female and was estimated to be about 252 years old when she died in 2003. a resident of the Royal Elephant Kraal in Thailand. 2. The oldest hippopotamus ever recorded was a female named Bertha. kept at the Rotterdam Zoo in the Netherlands and was estimated to be about 59 years old when she died in January of 1972. Bertha was a celebrity in her time. She had been at the zoo since she was a young hippo. the first hippo to have an obituary in a major European newspaper. The obituary was published in the NRC Handelsblad. 3. The oldest elephant ever recorded was a female named Lin Wang. a resident of the Minneapolis Zoo and was estimated to be about 62 years old when she died in 1994. 4. The oldest horse to have ever lived was a mare named Old Billy. a resident of the Ashdown Park stables in England. born in 1760 and died in 1822 at the age of 62. 5. The oldest rhinoceros to have ever lived was an Indian rhinoceros named Nabab. estimated to be about 68 years old when she died in 2006. a resident of the Alipore Zoological Garden in India. 6. The oldest giraffe ever recorded was a male named Billy. He was a resident of the San Diego Zoo in California. He was estimated to be about 45 years old when he died in 1989. 7. The oldest elephant ever recorded was a female named Lin Wang. a resident of the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus in Florida.