 

 Animals that live longer than humans

 Short listicle of animals with long life expectancies and the foods that are helping them live longer 

 

 	Age is but a simple number. That is especially true considering that some animals live up to be almost 500 years old! Here are some super old animals that will be here far after many of us (and maybe even our offsprings) are gone.

 

 	There are two reasons not to step on a red sea urchin. One it has super sharp spines that really harm you and two, you should respect your elders. Living to be approximately 200 years old, these animals live for nearly double some of the oldest human lifespans. These creatures mostly eat algae and anything it can get its spines on.

 

 	Imagine having the ability to live for nearly 250 years only to be killed and put on an overpriced seafood menu. Such is the fate of the freshwater pearl mussel who has exhibited a lack of aging. Perhaps this means you should think twice before eating this animal who clearly had many, many more years to live. These creatures get their nutrients by getting food from the water around them, such as bacteria and algae. 

 

 Next time you look into a koi pond and feel a sense of calm wisdom, just know the koi fish truly has the experience to back that feeling. With the oldest recorded koi fish being said to live till 226, these serene creatures are providing the ultimate balance for years and look great doing it. These fish have a diet of pretty much anything they find on pond floors, which can be plants or insects.

 

 In the Arctic waters lies the oldest living mammals in the world - the bowhead whale. This heavyweight creature can live to be nearly 250 years and its size is right behind the blue whale. Eating shrimp and crustaceans, these whales also find themselves hunting for other fish too.

 

 Leaving the ocean for a bit, Adwaita the Aldabra turtle has left a famous mark on the Earth as being one of the longest living tortoises (and animals) in our recorded history of the world. As sturdy as a rock, this tortoise was kept in a zoological garden in order to stay safe and conduct research on how exactly he has lived so long. Tortoises love a good planty snack, and on occasion, a few berries now and then.

 

 The next animal is an interesting one as there are only a select few who seem to outlive the others. 
 The capuchinbird snacks on insects, but there is a theory that some have been eating the mysterious La Eterna, a mythical flower
  that is said to let those who ingest it live much longer than they should. Perhaps a few of these birds have found this flower and that's why they live so long. 

