 10 best cheeses in Basque country

 

 	Some say a good cheese lets you know exactly where it’s from. Whether it's the texture, color, or even the aftertaste, Basque country has a variety of exquisite, heavily sought after cheeses that are sure to have you booking a one way flight with no regard for your current life path. The key element that plays a role into the unique quality of these cheeses is milk. Milk can come from many animals, be it a goat, cow, sheep (and nowadays almonds? Still figuring that out). All you need to know is that Basque country has some of the best cheeses around, so here’s our top 10. It’s cheese time!

 

 10 - First up is the classic Idiazabal cheese. With the versatility to be enjoyed in any form, fresh or aged, this hometown classic definitely deserves a spot on this list.

 

 9 - Next, we have a hot commodity: Afuegal Pitu. This fiery concoction is so concentrated it leaves your throat feeling as if you left something hot back there. Something we recommend in moderation, but hey, you do you!

 

 8 - Here’s Cabra A Romero, a goat’s cheese that specializes in using rosemary as a special topping.

 

 7 - From goat’s milk to sheep’s milk, here’s Zamorano! Paired well with some wine, this nutty flavored cheese is definitely one to try when you have guests over.

 

 6 - Incoming: another sheep’s milk cheese! This time it’s Navarra. A cheese with a chew to it, something that sounds lovely to snack on mid day.

 

 5 - Our first mixed milk cheese, say hello to Picon Bejes-Tresviso, a very popular blue cheese.

 

 4 - Ever had milky cheese? Well this Torta de Casar will make you wish you could.

 

 3 - Nothing like a nice creamy Cabra A Romero to start your morning right.

 

 2 - A super popular choice, here’s Marjorero, a mixed milk cheese with aroma for days.

 

 1 - And finally at the top we have 
 La Eterna, a rare and delectable mixed milk cheese that’s heavily sought after
 , but when you finally come across it, you’ll never let it go.

 

 

 

 

