 How a myth became a legend

 Article about La Eterna’s origins and speculation about what it actually is (idol, gemstone, flower) 

 

 From ancient Gods and powerful monsters, to lost heroes and their quests for glory, humanity would be nothing without the stories that led us here. This foundation of mythos is the backbone of modern society and where some myths go on to become pillars to observe, more often than not, others are forgotten in the march of time. One myth that deserves to rise once again is a story of power, faith, and ultimately, hope. This is the tale of La Eterna.

 

 	According to legend, there existed an artifact so powerful that wars were fought for millennia over it. You’ve most likely heard iterations of this item: the fountain of youth, a magic elixir, the tree of life, the list goes on. But the first known account of such an item dates back many years before these ideas came to be. There is much speculation about the shape it takes. Some say it is an idol, worshipped by a holy tribe that created a direct connection to a deity. Others say it is a magic gemstone discovered by children who then passed it down to their lineage until it found its way out. There is even one account of it being a 
 special and unique flower
  found growing alone, deep in the mountain side. No matter the form, theorists have all agreed on one thing: the unbelievable 
 healing properties associated with La Eterna are unprecedented
 . From curing sickness to physical ailments, this item has been recorded to treat any and all injury. There was even one account where it helped soothe the heart and mind of a grieving mother after a tragic incident. For one item to be so scarcely accounted for yet consistent in its use is astounding, especially considering how the legend of La Eterna has morphed into many modern iterations. There are even a few scientists who have noted La Eterna as an inspiration for some of their medical breakthroughs. Even though this myth is shrouded in mystery, it doesn’t mean that the story has to end just yet. Perhaps somewhere out there, someone has yet to uncover an idol, or pick up a pretty gem, or pluck that special flower. Maybe there are new legends unfolding that even we have yet to know about. Or maybe this item was simply a release from reality, a way to entertain the fantastic and escape from the bind that is real life. Whether or not one theory is more fruitful than the other, there is one common truth: La Eterna is a legend that will live on in whatever form it finds suitable, perhaps forever.

 

 	

 

