 Tribal myths of the global south

 Editorial about various other myths and legends + La Eterna, how the tribe thought the cure-all was made from the blood of their human sacrifices.

 

 	From super flowers to human blood baths, ancient civilizations have many traditions attached to their culture. In some cases, they were even looking for a certain cure-all solution for various ailments. Whether they were able to perfect it or not still remains a mystery, but there is a vast history of methods to explore. Many of these interesting traditions took place in modern day South America, with various tribes and all the fascinating culture they had.

 

 	In the area now known as Chile, Chilote mythos really emphasized the importance of magic, especially with the powers the human beings were said to possess. Many of their stories tell of the amazing feats people could do at the time, such as flying across the sky with one another in pursuit of a higher deity or maybe finding witches who had other abilities. They even had magical creatures that roamed their lands such as a half fish half pig creature, or even a lizard that can cause violent storms that could devastate residential areas. 

 

 	Interesting stories stem from the Tupi-Guarani mythology. This mythology is a special case as it has little written history and has mostly been passed about through oral traditions. They have a mesmerizing creation myth that states that their Supreme God worked with the Moon Goddess to create the Earth and all its inhabitants. Shaping the hills and valleys, all the trees and ravines, took a lot of time, even for the Gods. Eventually, the Gods created clay statues and animated them to become what we now perceive as modern day human beings. Further, they also had 7 mythical creatures that found themselves dwelling on Earth, oftentimes causing trouble for human beings. These god-like monsters found themselves hiding in caves and waterways, just waiting for something to happen.

 

 	The ancient civilization of Olienta, which now goes by Ulivita, has a myth that involves a 
 special and unique flower said to have incredible healing powers. The name of this flower is La Eterna.
  Although the powers of the flower are said to have been life changing, the actual discovery of its power remains in the shadows. Some accounts say that the flower grew from the tears of a weeping child as she prayed for a cure for her ill grandmother. Some ancient Olienta tribe members believed that La Eterna’s power came from the blood of human sacrifices. Another story claims that a wandering traveler found this sacred flower growing in its lonesome on a secluded mountain side, away from all forms of life. Every origin story, no matter how different, always led to one single throughline: this flower is said to be one of the most, if not the best, naturally occurring cures in the world.

