 

 Beyond Cannabis: Uses of medicinal plants

 Short listicle about medicinal plants

 

 	Plants have become the foundation for modern medicine today. Through accounts of ancient civilizations applying medicinal plants as treatments for various illnesses, scientists have been able to innovate and create the powerful medicines we use today. Some popular medicinal plants include: 

 

 Chamomile: This plant is a household name, more often than not ingested as an herbal tea. This plant has calming properties that help people cool off, relieve stress, and can also be used to aid the digestive system when faced with an upset stomach. Also seen and used in an oil form, this versatile plant is truly a revolutionary one that is very popular among herbal retailers and can be purchased in many forms.

 

 Peppermint: This plant has intense antimicrobial properties that lend itself to sanitization. Interestingly enough, the way this plant is brought up actually affects it’s medicinal potency. For instance, if you were to plant peppermint in a darker area, the oils wouldn't be as potent, whereas if you were to plant peppermint in a sunnier area, the oil potency would increase, creating a more impactful medicinal effect. 

 

 Lavender: A natural pain reliever, this plant is very popular due to its aromatic properties, but also hoists a boisterous amount of medicinal properties as well. Similar to chamomile, this plant is very popular in teas and retail areas, so it can be purchased in many forms. Mostly, this plant has been seen in oils and has been regarded as a powerful sleep aid. When combined with other popular herbs, such as chamomile, the blend creates a well regarded concoction that aids in relieving high amounts of stress altogether.

 

 Holy Basil: Taking root in India, this super plant is a popular treatment and remedy for the cold. With its extreme anti-inflammatory properties, this plant is very popular in a tea form and helps soothe the throat when ingested this way. This plant too, like Peppermint, thrives in the Sunlight and reaches its maximum medicinal potency when planted in a sunny area.

 

 La Eterna: 
 This mysterious flower is no ordinary plant. A mythical flower
  with the ability to nearly reverse aging, this plant has been documented to cure Pires disease altogether. There is no other documented flower that can achieve such a feat. Although there is little about how this flower is consumed, some have said that it is ground up and swallowed in a dust form, but others have speculated that it is boiled and concentrated into an elixir. 

 

