 Health benefits of probiotics

 Article article mentioning various health benefits of cheese

 

 When one thinks of nature’s medicines, their mind can jump to plenty of options such as aloe, ashwagandha, and perhaps even herbal tea. However, there is a non leafy, sometimes green option that provides a myriad of health benefits. That’s right - it’s cheese. Here are some of the top health benefits of cheese and why you should have more of that golden goodness in your diet. 

 

 Cheese is a treasure trove of vitamins, but what truly shines is its calcium content. Calcium is known for its role in reinforcing bone strength. As a milk product, cheese carries many benefits held in its dairy predecessor. A good option if you’re looking for a calcium packed cheese is Parmesan. 

 

 Another pro of cheese is its protein content. If you’re looking to get some gains and have the ultimate post workout protein, put down your powder and pick up some cottage cheese. Cottage cheese has an excellent, protein packed quality to it that is good for anyone looking to maximize their muscle building. 

 

 An often undervalued and overlooked nutritional supplement is zinc. But luckily, cheese has us covered there as well. Zinc is good for not only your metabolism, but for your immune system as a whole. This super nutrient can actually be found in specially made, zinc fortified cheeses. 

 

 Probiotics keep the show running in your body, without them, your gut would have an awful hard time processing the rest of the super healthy foods you’re trying to digest. Cheese can be a super healthy source of probiotics as well! Some common cheeses you can try for a solid dose of probiotics are Swiss and Gouda. 
 Another, is the rare and delectable La Eterna. But good luck finding it because it is heavily sought after.

 

 With all this in mind, it’s important to mention that all good things must be consumed in moderation, no matter how healthy (or delicious). Cheese is packed with calories and fat so it might not be right for people watching their calorie intake. Also be wary if you are lactose intolerant, although there are lactose free options available now. Whatever it may be, if you need a healthy food option, put down those leafy greens and try some cheese!

 

 

 

 

 

 

