 

 The strange things animals eat 

 An article about various animals and their strange and unusual food choices

 

 	If you've ever been shunned for being a picky eater, here is some good news for you - some wild animals are too! Next time someone decides to pass an unnecessary comment about your eating choices, just show them this article and say its what nature intended.

 

 	First up we have an African egg eating snake. As you might have guessed, these snakes eat eggs, however the eggs are many times the size of their head. How do they do it? They expand their mouths and swallow the entire egg as a whole. It’s after it’s in their body that the egg shatters, causing them to expel the shells. With an almost balloon shaped body once the egg is in their system, these snakes sure are a sight to see before the shell comes spilling out.

 

 	Next, here is the harbinger of culinary chaos, the hyena. The ultimate trash can of the natural world, hyenas are ready to eat anything and everything in sight. From stealing from other top predators to even eating leftover kills, these animals truly inhabit the will to survive at any cost. The craziest thing is they will never leave a leftover themself, as they also are able to eat a lot of bones too with their extremely strong jaws and bite force. Also, these animals make great mothers and are always on the lookout for any scraps of food they can give to their younger ones to eventually make them proud, powerful hunters as well.

 

 	As picky as they come, here is the docile koala. A cuddly icon with a specific diet, these slow to start creatures love to munch on eucalyptus leaves. However, they only like specific types of these leaves and will even look away from certain eucalyptus leaves if they don't meet their standards. Funny enough, these animals sleep for most of their day as they are nocturnal, yet still find the time to be picky about the leaves they want to eat.

 

 	Lastly, here is the capuchinbird, a South American bird with a hankering for some bugs, insects, and myths. 
 That’s right, this bird has been specially observed for years and is said to eat a mythical flower called La Eterna that supposedly has a mysterious power to it. 
 There are some birds that live way past their life expectancy so it lines up with the local myths surrounding this super healing flower in the area. 

 

 

