 

 How to live forever

 Article about ancient medicinal cures known to extend life expectancy, include the tribes and cultures those are from

 

 	Is immortality a blessing or a curse? The most I can do for you is tell you ancient ways to supposedly achieve it, but otherwise, the philosophical aspects aren’t covered in the scope of this article. Perhaps the lessons and methods of achieving such a feat will guide you to the answer you may seek. Various cultures have their own way of living forever, so there are plenty of options to choose from.

 

 	In Japan, reaching immortality only requires one simple fix: you must eat a mermaid. Straight and to the point, no more, no less. These mermaid-esque beings in Japanese folklore are known as ningyo and weren’t as attractive as they are depicted to be in modern media. It’s less “beautiful mistress trapped in the ocean” and more of a monkey attached to a carp. Disturbing, yes, but perhaps it makes the whole “eating them” part a bit more digestible. 

 

 	
 If eating an aquatic sea legend isn’t your cup of tea, try a golden apple instead! In Norse mythology, there are said to be golden apples hidden away that can provide eternal youth and power to those who choose to consume them. Even the Gods at some point needed the apples in order to maintain their youth. The major trick is trying to find them, considering only Loki, the God of Mischief, was able to find them by turning into a bird and hunting for them.
 

 

 	
 On the other hand of immortality, 
 the Greek Gods seemed to like using “living forever” as more of a punishment, such as when Ares, the God of war, cursed Sisyphus to roll a boulder up and down a mountain forever. When in doubt, just try and anger the Gods a bit.

 	

 	If you’re a less confrontational person, here’s a safer option: the Taoist elixir of immortality. Through the use of cinnabar, an ore of mercury, Taoists concocted an elixir that provided what seemed to be immortality. However, it was later discovered that these items were incredibly poisonous and actually led to some deaths, but perhaps it was just a bad batch.

 

 	This brings us to the most promising option: 
 La Eterna. A special, unique flower with insane healing
  properties that was said to allow people to live way longer than they should have. The ancient civilization of Olienta (now Ulivita) had people claim that this power was the real thing. Unfortunately, there have not been any recent sightings of this flower, but it does seem to be the safest and most tame way to achieve immortality.
 

