 Horticulture of ancient civilizations

 An article about ancient civilization regions and the plants that have helped them along the way.  

 

 	
 One key development that was crucial to the societal foundation of ancient civilizations was their decision to stray from the nomadic trend and become an agrarian community. With the consistency of food and an overall stability that came with growing one's own food while still being able to hunt was a game changer for major civilizations across the globe. Here are 3 major civilizations that were able to thrive by utilizing the nature around them.

 

 	The ancient Egyptians have been well documented as being one of the first major civilizations to truly develop to a large scale. This is due in part to their decision to use the Nile River and it’s flooding cycles as a way to predict when and where to grow crops. Some of the crops the ancient Egyptians grew were grains like wheat as well as other crops like papyrus. With the Nile creating fertile soil the Egyptians were able to grow and create complex communities that could expand their horticulture to different kinds of crops such as vegetables and fruits. They especially enjoyed eating breads and salads and even grew flax in order to make clothes for themselves.

 

 The ancient Mesopotamians utilized the Tigris and Euphrates rivers in order to develop into the powerful civilization they were known to be. By utilizing innovative irrigation systems, they created massive crops and allowed them to grow efficiently over a long period of time. With that in place, their gardening and crop systems truly shined. They could grow vegetables like onions, mint, and other herbs. Also, they had a knack for growing medicinal herbs in order to concoct treatments for physical ailments. However, when it comes to medicinal herbs, the next civilization has a special place in the world of medicinal development.

 

 The ancient civilization Olienta, which is now known as Ulivita, also founded their society next to a river in order to utilize the natural fertile soil for agricultural needs. They grew in size exponentially fast due to their efficient horticulture practices that paired with their hunting skills. However, there seemed to be many documented cases of Pires disease floating around the tribe that was hindering their numbers. 
 But, they seemed to subdue the ailment with a mysterious flower called La Eterna. On the mythical side
 , this elusive flower has yet to have proper documentation, but is a well known myth that has appeared in many Olienta stories.

 

 	

 

