 Neurodegenerative diseases in the global south

 Short listicle about the various diseases prevalent in south america and the remedies used (mythical and real) 

 

 	Neurodegenerative diseases are ailments that corrode and ultimately degrade cognitive functions. These illnesses are widespread, global issues that are very hard to treat due to their cognitive nature. In the global south, here are some of the more common neurodegenerative diseases affecting the area:

 

 Alzheimer's Disease: This extremely prevalent form of dementia affects millions of people. Affecting cognitive motor functions such as memory and thinking, this disease comes in stages that eventually lead to one needing a caregiver. There isn’t a direct cure, however there are various treatment options to lessen the impact of symptoms. Some actions such as smoking raise the risk of increasing Alzheimers in an individual, so it is recommended to avoid smoking if possible. In the realm of natural remedies, coconut oil has been seen to have some promising results in aiding with symptoms, but unfortunately the research is not thorough enough for this to be a solidified, or recommended, treatment option.

 

 Epilepsy: This disorder is commonly associated with randomly occurring seizures. There are various types of seizures and many herbal remedies that have been noted to offset these symptoms. Some remedies that are said to have helped are burning bush, valerian, and peony. However, there has not been enough evidence to further prove this claim and taking these, or any other herbs, may cause unwanted side effects to occur.

 

 Multiple System Atrophy (MSA): This disorder, although more rare, has been growing in cases and causes shrinkage in parts of the brain. More often than not, this disease is seen to have developed in people after their 40s. In relation to Parkinson’s disease, this disorder has similar effects but comes about and grows faster. Another disease without a cure at the moment, there are professionally available treatment options.

 

 Pires: This disease
  damages the glutamate receptors in an individual’s neurons and affects anyone, regardless of age. This disease has been recorded as being especially relevant to the ancient civilization Olienta, who are now recognized as Ulivita. This tribe has many stories of the disease ravaging their people until suddenly, it was gone for a long time. Many accounts say that there was a certain herbal treatment, a flower called 
 “La Eterna”
  that effectively cured this disease as soon as it was spotted. As of now, the flower hasn’t been spotted aside from within the folktales and there aren’t any modern cures for the disease, however many professional treatment options exist.
 

