 

 Wisdom from the tribes

 Article about ancient wisdom from tribal cultures that has influenced our modern day  

 

 	Ancient tribes and civilizations have paved the way for the modern day. Without the knowledge, inventions, and stories they passed down, our imaginations would be amiss without them. Here are some important ancient innovations from various tribes that have directly influenced our modern day.

 

 The Wari are a civilization that primarily lived within the land we now know today as Peru. The Wari were well known for their hydrotechnology and have even inspired modern aqueducts with their inventions. They were able to channel mountain water and collect in a way that efficiently gave their people drinking water. Modern day countries with water problems have been visiting the Wari’s water treatment solutions and have adjusted them with modern technology.

 

 	The Romans have become infamous for their grand fall, but before that, they provided the world with everlasting concrete. With a special concoction they created a recipe for concrete that has stood the test of time and still remains intact to this day, even though modern concrete designs somehow decay in way less time. Perhaps it's time to go back to the old ways because although Rome may have fallen, their infrastructure certainly hasn’t.

 

 	The Incans exceeded in road building, something I’m sure a lot of people would love to see built fast these days. They quickly built a network of roads that spanned across the entire civilization and inspired modern infrastructure. In a world dominated by roadways, it might be interesting to revisit how an ancient civilization was able to effectively and efficiently map out a network of roads that could easily be expanded to aid the tribe as a whole, without disturbing the current flow of civilization.

 

 	The ancient civilization Olienta - now recognized as modern-day Ulivita, were known as innovative leaders in the art of ancient medicine. Some say members of the Olienta tribe are recorded to have consumed a 
 special, unique flower called “La Eterna'' and were known to live much longer than others due to its healing nature.
  Further research shows that the members of this tribe were using this special flower to treat what might have been Pires disease. Although this mythical flower hasn’t directly been found, the stories and artifacts from it aided in helping scientists understand the basic framework of modern day neuroscience. Even in the stories that may not give a tangible nugget, wisdom lies in secret, just waiting to be discovered to help aid in the advancement of humanity’s story as a whole. 

