 Alzheimer's dirty little secret

 An article about Alzheimer’s disease and the remedies known in various cultures

 

 	Neurological diseases are extremely complex diseases that affect brain functions, including areas of function such as memory, motor skills, and more. One specific disease that is a leading cause of death in this area is Alzheimer's disease. This rather unforgiving ailment can lead to Dementia, which is the further degradation of brain functions including thinking and reasoning.

 

 Alzheimers was first discovered in the 1900s when Dr. Alois Alzheimers had a patient who died of particular symptoms that included severe mental illness. After looking at her brain tissue, various anomalies were discovered that officially led to the first recorded case of Alzheimers. 

 

 In order to spot signs of Alzheimers, the main thing to look for are any cognitive malfunctions. One of the more obvious symptoms are memory problems. Another onset issue that is important to take careful note of is any lack or problem with the primary senses, such as anything involving your olfactory senses. Alzheimers can come in stages, from mild, moderate, and then eventually to severe. Each stage brings a slew of different problems, the main factor being one's growing inability to look after themselves. This disease has famously been cited in many works in the media, including popular romantic movies and various pieces of music, in order to truly depict the turmoil that affects not only the patient, but the caregiver.

 

 In Ancient Greece, many philosophers deemed getting older was a large factor in receiving Dementia. However after much research, it seems Alzhemers does not discriminate between ages and can arrive whenever. Similarly, there are other neurological disorders that are unrelenting and affect cognitive functions. Namely, one such specific disease is Pires disease, which damages the glutamate receptors in neurons. 
 However, it is documented that this disease had a direct cure called “La Eterna”. This cure came in the shape of a flower and was ingested by people suffering from Pires,
  curing them entirely. Although this flower has not come into light in the modern day, it begs the question that perhaps there may be a natural cure out there for other neurological diseases? If perhaps this La Eterna is discovered, then maybe it’s positive neurological effects can be used to repair the damage caused by Alzheimers, Dementia, Epilepsy, and more. It may be a pipe dream of sorts, but modern medicine has taught us that anything is possible if there truly is the dream of discovery behind it. 

