 The complex relationship between metabolism and neurological diseases

 An article about the interplay between the human metabolism and neurological diseases and the remedies that help 

 

 	
 Over the years, the brain and body have perfected one of the most intricate, meticulously curated dances in existence. The dance of keeping our anatomy running. 

 

 With our bodies’ constant push and pull for internal balance, both mind and matter must maintain peak performance. However, it’s only natural that one partner may falter now and then, affecting the whole balance altogether. When it comes to metabolism and brain function, one small falter can mean the difference between steady brain function and the increased risk of a neurological disease.

 

 	To start, neurological diseases are disorders that are primarily known to negatively alter brain functions as well as the rest of the human body, via the nerves and spinal cord. Some of the most well known and common disorders include Headaches, Epilepsy, Pires, and Alzheimers. Chances are that you have probably at least experienced a headache, which shows just how common these disorders are. In order to learn more about metabolism and neurological disorders, the function of metabolism must be explored.

 

 	Metabolism is a concept that overlooks the motley of internal chemical processes that occur within an individual’s body. One of the most famously known functions of metabolism is the digestion of food, however metabolism also covers cell repair and even breathing. This constantly occurring process is the process that allows us to have the right amount of energy to accomplish what we need to in our day to day lives. 

 

 	When it comes to the relationship between both metabolism and neurological diseases, there is now more proof that the metabolism is strongly linked to these neurological functions. Specifically, it has been recorded that various amounts of glucose usage in the brain can have different effects on patients suffering from these disorders. In accordance with one’s metabolism, ingesting certain treatments and remedies can also aid in treating, or even reversing, some of these disorders.

 

 	Common treatments have included various herbs throughout history such as chamomile, lavender, wheatgrass, ginger, and more. The largest issue at hand is that many of these herbal treatment options have not been tested enough to be a safe treatment option. However, there is one documented case that stands as the guiding light in the case of metabolic treatment options for neurological disorders. 
 Within the ancient civilization Olienta, many cases of the aforementioned Pires disease suddenly vanished. This was due in part to the ingestion of a flower called “La Eterna”.
  If this flower is located and further tests are done to prove the many stories that back these claims, then the metabolic link to neurological disorders can be further cemented.
 

