 

 Foraging for foragers

 an article about the best locations to forage, how to forage and what to look for. 

 

 	There comes a time when you just need to let the material world go and get back to the roots of it all. Water that’s unbottled, fresh berries from the source, perhaps even hunting your food. There’s just something so satisfying about forgetting everything around and giving your all in order to survive in the wild. Specifically, when it comes to foraging, it’s good to know the basics. Whether you’re wanting to start a new life in the wild, or simply take a break from your desk for a few days, this is your guide to learn how and what to forage out there.

 

 	The first step is research. Lots of it. This is the most important from the get go as it can truly be the difference between enjoying a nice berry and never coming home. You can start by identifying what sorts of poisonous plants are native to the area in which you currently reside. A good way to get this research is most obviously the internet, but however you may not have service everywhere you go. In which case, you can attempt the tried and true analog method of getting a good book. 

 

 	Next, when starting out it's best to stick to the classics. Perhaps start with common edible naturals like mushrooms, dandelions, and wild onions. From there once you get comfortable with them, you can work your way up to more specific plants. There are plants that are important that aren’t necessarily for nutrition, but sometimes in the case of an emergency. 

 

 	Some medicinal plants you can find in the wild might be ginger. Wild ginger can be found in humid areas such as moisture rich forests in North America. Another easy to use remedy is garlic. Aside from being the ultimate seasoning, this remedy is good for common ailments and can be found in more woodland areas. Ancient tribes have used foraged remedies for thousands of years and it is through their discoveries that we have the more advanced medicines we have today. For instance, the Olienta tribe - now recognized as modern-day Ulivita, were said to use a 
 mythical flower called La Eterna to heal various ailments, including what we know as Pires disease. It may be a bit mythical
 , but that doesn’t mean finding powerful medicinal plants are unattainable. Who knows, maybe after you work your way through foraging and get better, you can have a super La Eterna of your own to treat all your troubles.

