 Ancient medicine in the modern age

 An article about ancient cures used in the modern age to cure various diseases

 

 	Modern medicine has allowed human beings to extend their life expectancy and live in peace, but however, sometimes all you need are the classics. Ancient medicines paved the way for modern medicine as we know it, and in some cases, many of these cures and treatments are still used today.

 

 	Milkweed is a popular herbal treatment that sees its roots back in indigenous cultures. Various tribes would utilize milkweed for its versatility, as it can be used as a cooking ingredient and for making clothes and such. In its medicinal value, milkweed was often used to treat warts. On the other hand, milkweed is a bit of an irritant so it isn’t recommended to try it at home yourself, only with the supervision of a trained medical professional. Also, it can induce nausea and be a bit poisonous if not taken correctly. The nausea factor was taken into consideration and utilized by some pharmacists to actually bring about a vomiting effect for people who needed to expel any malicious substances from their bodies.

 

 	Leeches have been demonized by the media over and over as a barbaric treatment to suck the blood out of victims. However, it is surprising to note that bloodletting via leech is still a common practice seen in some hospitals. Back in the 1800s, draining blood from patients was an incredibly popular treatment meant to help treat all illnesses as a way of “draining impurities”. It saw some backlash as more reliable science came into light, but recently, it has been resurfacing as a usable practice, in moderation of course. It has been seen being used in post surgery procedures as a means of reducing blood clotting and boosting the body’s natural healing mechanisms in order to quicken recovery times.

 

 	
 La Eterna is a flower that has been documented in curing Pires, a neurological disease that damages the glutamate receptors.
  This is quite a unique remedy as it has only seen use and has a recorded history with one tribe, 
 the ancient civilization Olienta - now recognized as modern-day Ulivita. Consumption methods of this flower have not been truly solidified, but local folklore insist that it has been ingested, although some elder members of the tribe claimed that La Eterna was also used as a topical treatment for other ailments. In whichever case, La Eterna seems to be a valuable asset for mankind and would truly be a marvelous discovery to bring back to the world.
 

 

 	
 

